Introduce SAML sections for 'Sync user attributes during Sign in' & 'Allow subdomains options' (#835)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/authentication/saml/overview.mdx

Everything should be set up now for you to try out authentication via SAML. Go to your application’s Sign In page and add your email in the input field. If it matches an active SAML Connection, you will be redirected to your IdP where you will sign in with your credentials.

## Sync user attributes during Sign in

> During SAML SSO and after a user successfully authenticated, the IdP provides Clerk with the corresponding user data. After each successful Sign in, we are making sure to keep the user data up to date

Author: Updated!

> based on the response of the SAML provider. If this behavior is something you are not looking into, you can disable it by visiting the SAML Connection `Advanced` tab in [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/) and disable the `Sync user attributes during sign-in` option.

Author: Updated!

> This setting by default is enabled!

Author: Updated!

## Allow subdomains

> SAML SSO is working based on domains and an email address domain must match the exact domain a SAML Connection has been configured with, in order to be able to use it to authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authenticating via SAML SSO requires the user's email address domain to match the exact domain the SAML Connection has been configured with.
```

Author: Updated!

> Although, there are some cases where companies are using subdomains in order to differentiate between different departments, but they are still looking to use a single SAML Connection for every user of theirs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Sentence no longer needed with my suggestion below

Author: Removed!

> To support such use case you can enable the `Allow subdomains` option, which you can find in the SAML Connection `Advanced` tab in [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/). For example, a user with the email address `john@sales.example.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support SAML SSO with subdomains, you must enable the **Allow subdomains** option in the [Clerk Dashboard](https://dashboard.clerk.com/). You can find this setting in the SAML Connection **Advanced**.

For example, a user with the email address `john@sales.example.com`
```

Author: Updated!

will be able to use a SAML Connection with the `example.com` domain in order to authenticate.

> This setting by default is disabled!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting is disabled by default.
```

Author: Updated!

<Callout type="info">

>   In order to enable the Allow subdomains option, your SAML Connection domain must be an eTLD+1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To enable the Allow subdomains option, your SAML Connection domain must be an eTLD+1.
```

Author: Updated!
